c:\users\robert.plummer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\smart sweepers\smart sweepers\bin\Debug\smart sweepers.exe.config
c:\users\robert.plummer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\smart sweepers\smart sweepers\obj\Debug\smart sweepers.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\robert.plummer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\smart sweepers\smart sweepers\obj\Debug\smart_sweepers.Controller.resources
c:\users\robert.plummer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\smart sweepers\smart sweepers\obj\Debug\smart_sweepers.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\robert.plummer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\smart sweepers\smart sweepers\obj\Debug\smart sweepers.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\robert.plummer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\smart sweepers\smart sweepers\bin\Debug\smart sweepers.exe
c:\users\robert.plummer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\smart sweepers\smart sweepers\bin\Debug\smart sweepers.pdb
c:\users\robert.plummer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\smart sweepers\smart sweepers\bin\Debug\Genes.dll
c:\users\robert.plummer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\smart sweepers\smart sweepers\bin\Debug\NeuralNet.dll
c:\users\robert.plummer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\smart sweepers\smart sweepers\bin\Debug\Utilities.dll
c:\users\robert.plummer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\smart sweepers\smart sweepers\bin\Debug\Genes.pdb
c:\users\robert.plummer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\smart sweepers\smart sweepers\bin\Debug\NeuralNet.pdb
c:\users\robert.plummer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\smart sweepers\smart sweepers\bin\Debug\Utilities.pdb
c:\users\robert.plummer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\smart sweepers\smart sweepers\obj\Debug\smart sweepers.exe
c:\users\robert.plummer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\smart sweepers\smart sweepers\obj\Debug\smart sweepers.pdb
C:\Users\robert.plummer\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-AI-Mine-Sweepers\smart sweepers\bin\Debug\smart sweepers.exe.config
C:\Users\robert.plummer\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-AI-Mine-Sweepers\smart sweepers\obj\Debug\smart sweepers.exe
C:\Users\robert.plummer\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-AI-Mine-Sweepers\smart sweepers\obj\Debug\smart sweepers.pdb
C:\Users\robert.plummer\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-AI-Mine-Sweepers\smart sweepers\bin\Debug\smart sweepers.exe
C:\Users\robert.plummer\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-AI-Mine-Sweepers\smart sweepers\bin\Debug\smart sweepers.pdb
C:\Users\robert.plummer\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-AI-Mine-Sweepers\smart sweepers\bin\Debug\Genes.dll
C:\Users\robert.plummer\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-AI-Mine-Sweepers\smart sweepers\bin\Debug\NeuralNet.dll
C:\Users\robert.plummer\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-AI-Mine-Sweepers\smart sweepers\bin\Debug\Utilities.dll
C:\Users\robert.plummer\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-AI-Mine-Sweepers\smart sweepers\bin\Debug\Genes.pdb
C:\Users\robert.plummer\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-AI-Mine-Sweepers\smart sweepers\bin\Debug\NeuralNet.pdb
C:\Users\robert.plummer\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-AI-Mine-Sweepers\smart sweepers\bin\Debug\Utilities.pdb
C:\Users\robert.plummer\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-AI-Mine-Sweepers\smart sweepers\obj\Debug\smart sweepers.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\robert.plummer\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-AI-Mine-Sweepers\smart sweepers\obj\Debug\smart_sweepers.Controller.resources
C:\Users\robert.plummer\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-AI-Mine-Sweepers\smart sweepers\obj\Debug\smart_sweepers.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\robert.plummer\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-AI-Mine-Sweepers\smart sweepers\obj\Debug\smart sweepers.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
